README.md, before:

### Hi there 👋

[![Badge: Vince Varga on LinkedIn: vince-varga](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-vince%E2%80%92varga-0077B5.svg?logoWidth=20&labelColor=0077B5&color=293e4a&style=plastic&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/vince-varga/ "Visit Vince Varga's profile on LinkedIn")
[![Badge: Vince Varga on Twitter: @realVinceVarga](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-%40realVinceVarga-1ea1f1.svg?logoWidth=20&labelColor=1ea1f1&color=18202c&style=plastic&logo=twitter&logoColor=white)](https://twitter.com/realVinceVarga/ "Visit Vince Varga's profile on Twitter")
[![Badge: Flutter Munich on Meetup](https://img.shields.io/badge/Meetup-Flutter%E2%80%92Munich-f7415f.svg?logoWidth=20&labelColor=f7415f&color=00455d&style=plastic&logo=meetup&logoColor=white)](https://meetup.com/Flutter-Munich/ "Join Flutter Munich next event on Meetup")
[![Badge: Flutter Munich on YouTube](https://img.shields.io/badge/YouTube-Flutter%20Munich-ff0101.svg?logoWidth=20&labelColor=ff0101&color=191919&style=plastic&logo=youtube&logoColor=white)](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC-ts4XH21boCnblu8YK9TsA "Watch Flutter Munich's videos on YouTube")

<!--
**vargavince91/vargavince91** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on Flutter, Dart.
  * Link to open source packages from pub.dev: working on open source in my free time and at SMAHO (weekday selector, ESP-Touch, explain why they are cool, link to pub dev for all the packages)
- Working at SMAHO, link open source GitHub organization
- I was pretty good with JavaScript, TypeScript, Python, Java one day
- 🌱 I’m currently learning Vim and Go.
- Fun fact: studied physics, living in Germany, likes to (? more like have to) learn languages.
- 📫 How to reach me: LinkedIn, GitHub, Twitter
- Organizer of Flutter Munich Meetup page, LinkedIn, Twitter, GitHub, YouTube
- Talks on YouTube: how far back should I go? CUDA?

Where are all the social sites' icons at???
GIFs: weekday selector
-->

Commit message:

Flutter Munich badges
Next: GitHub badges, but first I commit this because my battery is at 5% 🙀

README.md, after:

### Hi there 👋

[![Badge: Vince Varga on LinkedIn: vince-varga](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Vince%E2%80%92Varga-0077B5.svg?logoWidth=20&labelColor=0077B5&color=293e4a&style=plastic&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/vince-varga/ "Visit Vince Varga's profile on LinkedIn")
[![Badge: Vince Varga on Twitter: @realVinceVarga](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-%40realVinceVarga-1ea1f1.svg?logoWidth=20&labelColor=1ea1f1&color=18202c&style=plastic&logo=twitter&logoColor=white)](https://twitter.com/realVinceVarga/ "Visit Vince Varga's profile on Twitter")
[![Badge: Flutter Munich on Meetup](https://img.shields.io/badge/Meetup-Flutter%E2%80%92Munich-f7415f.svg?logoWidth=20&labelColor=f7415f&color=00455d&style=plastic&logo=meetup&logoColor=white)](https://meetup.com/Flutter-Munich/ "Join Flutter Munich next event on Meetup")



[![Badge: Flutter Munich on YouTube](https://img.shields.io/badge/YouTube-Flutter%20Munich-ff0101.svg?logoWidth=20&labelColor=ff0101&color=191919&style=plastic&logo=youtube&logoColor=white)](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC-ts4XH21boCnblu8YK9TsA "Watch Flutter Munich's videos on YouTube")
[![Badge: Flutter Munich on LinkedIn: vince-varga](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Flutter%E2%80%92Munich-0077B5.svg?logoWidth=20&labelColor=0077B5&color=293e4a&style=plastic&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/company/Flutter-Munich "Read updates from Flutter Munich on LinkedIn")
[![Badge: Flutter Munich on Twitter: @FlutterMunich](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-%40FlutterMunich-1ea1f1.svg?logoWidth=20&labelColor=1ea1f1&color=18202c&style=plastic&logo=twitter&logoColor=white)](https://twitter.com/FlutterMunich "Read updates from Flutter Munich on Twitter")

<!--
**vargavince91/vargavince91** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on Flutter, Dart.
  * Link to open source packages from pub.dev: working on open source in my free time and at SMAHO (weekday selector, ESP-Touch, explain why they are cool, link to pub dev for all the packages)
- Working at SMAHO, link open source GitHub organization
- I was pretty good with JavaScript, TypeScript, Python, Java one day
- 🌱 I’m currently learning Vim and Go.
- Fun fact: studied physics, living in Germany, likes to (? more like have to) learn languages.
- 📫 How to reach me: LinkedIn, GitHub, Twitter
- Organizer of Flutter Munich Meetup page, LinkedIn, Twitter, GitHub, YouTube
- Talks on YouTube: how far back should I go? CUDA?

Where are all the social sites' icons at???
GIFs: weekday selector
-->
